Various small improvements to the README (#41)
PostHog/posthog-flutter: README.md

# PostHog plugin

[![Package on pub.dev][pubdev_badge]][pubdev_link]

Flutter plugin to support iOS, Android and Web sources at https://posthog.com.

## Usage

> To use this plugin, add `posthog_flutter` as a [dependency in your pubspec.yaml file](https://docs.flutter.dev/packages-and-plugins/using-packages).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use this plugin, add `posthog_flutter` as a [dependency in your pubspec.yaml file](https://pub.dev/packages/posthog_flutter/install).
```
